Add content view workflow to Quickstart document (#439)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/QuickStart.adoc

Uploading Enabled Repositories Report
----
. Check the `/etc/yum.repos.d/redhat.conf` and ensure that the appropriate repositories have been enabled.

==== Using Content Views

{Project} uses the concept of Content Views to create snapshots of a set of repositories and make them available to hosts registered to it.

> For example, if you want a group of hosts to have access to a group of repositories at some specific versions, add the needed repositories to a content view, publish and promote to a lifecycle environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want a group of hosts to have access to a specific version of a set of repositories, add those repositories to a Content View, publish and promote to a lifecycle environment.
```

> You can now register hosts to this content view and the hosts will have access to all the repositories at the locked version in the content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then register hosts to this Content View. These hosts have access only to repositories at the version specified in the Content View.
```

> This enables you to independently update repositories on the server while your hosts are still consuming the locked versions of the repositories in the published content views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that you can continue to update repositories on your server while your hosts still consume only the versions of the repositories that they are registered to.
```

> If you do not use custom content views and lifecycle environments, all your hosts will always be pointed to the Default Content View and Library environment which is a snapshot of all the content at their latest version on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not use Content Views and lifecycle environments,l your hosts consume content from the Default Content View and Library environment, which is a snapshot of the latest version of the content on your server.
```

> If you do not use custom content views and lifecycle environments, all your hosts will always be pointed to the Default Content View and Library environment which is a snapshot of all the content at their latest version on the server.

Reviewer: Since it is all about CentOS stream in the examples, I would add a line about CentOS stream's continuous development, and how Content Views are particularly useful here.

> Please refer to the following chapters for more information on content management using content views and application life cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about content management using Content Views and application lifecycles, see:
```

* xref:Managing_Content_Views[]
* xref:Creating_an_Application_Life_Cycle[]

==== Creating a Content View

Use the following procedure to create a Content view.

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views* and click *Create New View*.
. In the *Name* field, enter *Centos content view*.

> . In the *Description* field, enter a description for the content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Description* field, enter a description for the Content View.
```

. Click *Save*.

==== Adding Repositories

> Use the following procedure to add the upstream Centos repositories to your Content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following procedure to add the upstream CentOS repositories to your Content view.
```

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views* > Select *CentOS content view* > *Yum Content* Dropdown> *Repositories*.
. Click on *Add* section on the Repository selection page.
. Locate the *AppStream x86_64 os* and *BaseOS x86_64 os* repositories.
. Select both repositories
. Click *Add Repositories*

==== Publishing the Content View

> Use the following procedure to publish the Content view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following procedure to publish the Content View.
```

> . In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views* > *Select the desired Content View*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views*, and select your new Content View.
```

. Click on *Publish New Version* button on the top right of page.
. Click *Save*

> This will publish Version 1 of the Content View and promote it to the Library Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
We don't write endings like this unless it is pointing the user to where they can find it.

==== Creating an Activation Key to consume the Content View

Use the following procedure to create an activation key that you can use to subscribe your hosts to content managed by {Project}.

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Activation keys* and click *Create Activation Key*.
. In the *Name* field, enter *CentOS* or the name of your new activation key.
. In the *Description* field, enter a description for the activation key.
. From the *Environment* list, select the *Library*.
. From the *Content View* list, select *Centos content view*.
. Click *Save*.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Click on the *Subscriptions* tab on the Activation Key's details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Subscriptions* tab on the Activation Key's details page.
```

> . Click on the *Add* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Add* tab.
```

. Select your new *CentOS Stream* product in the table.
. Click *Add Selected* to save.

==== Registering a CentOS Stream host to consume content from published Content View

> . You can follow steps in previous procedure Registering a CentOS Stream host to {Project} and use your new activation to register a host to the new Content View.

Reviewer: I think that you can delete this bit, and add a paragraph after the last step of the previous procedure and say. 

`Use your activation key to register a host to the Content View. For more information on registering a host, see {ManagingHostsDocUR}registering-a-host-to-project-using-the-global-registration-template_managing-hosts`

> . Alternatively, You can also register the host to the published content view without an activation key using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also register the host to the published Content View without an activation key using the following command:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----

> # subscription-manager register --org=ACME_Corporation --environment=Library/Centos_content_view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# subscription-manager register --org=__My_Organization__ --environment=Library/Centos_content_view
```

----

> ==== Managing Lifecycle of the Content View

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Managing the Lifecycle of the Content View
```

> The Content view from the earlier procedure lives in the Library Environment by default. You can optionally add a new environment and promote your content view to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default location of any new Content View is in the Library Environment. Optionally, you can add a new environment and promote your Content View to it.
```

> Use the following procedure to create a new Enviroment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following procedure to create a new Lifecycle Enviroment.
```

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Lifecycle Environment* and click *Create Environment Path*.
. In the *Name* field, enter *Production* or the name of your new environment to add to the end of Library environment.
. In the *Description* field, add an optional description for your new lifecycle environment.
. Click *Save*

==== Promoting your Content View to the new Lifecycle Environment

> You can now promote your new content view to the *Production* environment created above using the following procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now promote your new Content View to the *Production* environment using the following procedure.
```

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views* > *Select your Content View*
. On the *Versions* tab Click *Promote* for desired version under the Actions column.
. Select *Production* lifecycle environment from the available promotion paths.
. Add an optional *Description*
. Click *Promote Version*

> ==== Registering a CentOS Stream host to consume content from promoted Content View in the Production environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Registering a CentOS Stream host to consume content from a promoted Content View in the production environment
```

> You can now register a host to the consume content from the content view in the Production lifecycle environment by running the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a host to consume content from the Content View in the Production lifecycle environment, enter the following command:
```
